hey Rachel did you think I was done
checking out video games this week as
far as previews going stuff is hoping
you'd have something actually
interesting to show us oh I'm not gonna
be interested Oh what you're not
interested in men in black 3 the game
yeah what kind of a heartless human
being is in the movie cuz the second one
was bad enough come on what kind of
movie title plus the game always bad
okay hey dude I love watching Will Smith
get jiggy with aliens and the first one
wasn't that bad Thank You second one was
I don't care i didn't i don't know
enough talk about the movie let's talk
about men in black through the game so
as you can see here men in black 3 the
game is a game based off of mendham life
through the movie that apparently Rachel
does not really care about she's a cold
heartless person so so this is actually
this is actually a rail shooter uh
unlike your gears of war game that
you're never gonna get universal really
real shooter I've never been on the ride
at Universal but they have a men in
black real shooter ride yeah really do
you just like shoot a bunch of aliens
yeah well think well then in that case
if your score with the other people that
were in your little your little cart see
you later boys did you I zone on the
leaderboards um no not on this ride but
on toy story midway mania I did get my
name up on the the top top score of the
day board oh yeah not quite as cool but
i'll give you a high five is really
better than men in black yeah at any
rate uh so yeah this game is a real
shooter you go around you play agent d i
believe and uh you're you're a new agent
you're not one of the main characters in
the movie unfortunately I don't think do
you really want to play as Will Smith
anyway does anybody really want to be
Will Smith I don't even think will smith
watch babies with your special powers to
be do little dance that would be cool if
you get jiggy in the middle of it and
like all the aliens stop so so yeah it
works a lot like it's almost like a
third person area 51 if you will you go
around hiding behind objects shooting
aliens along with your partner
and as civilians get in the way if they
get shot or if you hurt them they start
to believe in aliens more and if the
meter gets too high up then they're
gonna then you lose the game but you
can't neutralize their brains just like
in the movie so you're going to be able
to do all sorts of crazy men and black
stuff for you're a fan of the series
this is definitely gonna be one for you
to pick up now this is a family oriented
game because it's a family franchise so
families ah Rachel hates families but i
don't know i usually honestly the games
that are made for everybody turn out
better than a lot of the games that are
made for adults so just look at Rayman
Origins I mean look at the look at that
game you know i don't--are eight uh you
know look for men in black 3 to be
hitting the shelves around the same time
as the film so yeah